hey everyone welcome to this episode of
learning from the pros joining me today
is the Maestro of LinkedIn ads himself
yamber Becker he is the head of growth
at hockey stack and he's also an
instructor at ad conversion that's
actually working on all of our LinkedIn
ads courses 101 102 and 103 yonberg
super pumped to have you here welcome hi
siio thank you so much for having me
here so yonberg we're talking about
LinkedIn ads today and you're going to
be sharing your top 10 tips on driving
more Roi from
LinkedIn side note for everyone
listening yonberg I was we were like
laughing before we started recording
like he could do a course on each one of
these 10 tips so we're going to try to
keep it concise and and practical we'll
Riff on it and uh yeah why don't you
kick us off with tip number one all
right the first thing is definitely none
of them is uh in that order uh I
basically put all of them uh randomly so
it doesn't mean that the first one is
the most important one or the last one
is the least important one all of them I
believe is equally important uh and I
think the first one uh that I can start
with is the auto bidding versus manual
bidding uh by default when you create
campaigns on LinkedIn uh they have auto
bidding uh and I think auto bidding is a
great way to start uh the campaign but
after a certain period of time in my
case I wait for like a week uh I
recommend changing it to manual
bding got it because uh that week
basically gives enough time link to
LinkedIn algorithm to learn and give you
the uh average uh bit that it is getting
and once you have that average uh bit
amount average CPC you can basically use
manual bidding for like maybe 20% less
of 25% less of it and in almost every
instance it will work I see I see so
just to recap that what you're saying is
you start auto bidding to start the
campaign to get learnings around what
your average cost per click looks like
you let it run for a week now you
understand what your average cost per
click is from that week and then you go
manual and then how do you decide on the
manual cap do you meet the average or do
you go a little bit lower uh I go 20 25%
lower okay awesome so now you're like
trying to Throttle Down and see where
it's the point of diminishing return
where it's like yep cost and scale and a
carat here uh after you make the manual
bit uh switch I would recommend checking
the daily spent uh in the next five days
because if you are not spending your
daily budget it means that your uh CPC
is too low and you to increase the CPC
yep you you you took it too far
essentially right yeah it's pay to play
people it's an auction you got the end
of the day linkedin's got to get paid
right um I'm curious on that note around
auto bidding versus manual bidding is do
you find that to be true for you
regardless of campaign objective or is
there's certain exceptions to that rule
uh for the traffic and conversion
campaigns uh yes I don't think uh it
really matters uh for the reach
campaigns uh the manual Bing is not
available for video view campaigns it is
not available for spotlight campaigns
though I don't have that data like in
Spotlight Spotlight traffic campaigns I
don't have that data but apart from the
spotlight all of the static video
document uh as that have the traffic or
conversion objective uh this is
basically uh what I have been seeing
across all of the accounts awesome tip
number two so this going to be an easy
one uh never ever turn on the Audience
Network no matter what your LinkedIn
reps tell you it is a no
no I'm can we unpack that a little bit
for people
so why do you I know I mean for the
listeners why why do you feel that way
so uh basically LinkedIn owns uh a lot
of partner websites or they partner with
a of uh websites and uh it is basically
a way to distribute your content uh
outside of LinkedIn but uh the problem
with that is as soon as you turn that on
on average and I have tested with a lot
of campaigns with a lot of accounts 95
90% of your all budget goes to Audience
Network and only 10% goes on LinkedIn
and uh actually when you think of your
intent for uh using LinkedIn because you
know that your audience spends time on
LinkedIn and there's an intent on
LinkedIn uh you want to promote your on
LinkedIn because your audience is there
but if you go to your Audience Network
you are basically missing out because
the LinkedIn algorithm always
prioritizes the Audience Network because
it is cheaper and the algorithm is
trying to give you the best results uh
and it can distribute your s uh cheaper
in the audience network uh and actually
I run this test uh last month again I I
tried to do it in every quarter just to
make sure that nothing is uh going
different because obviously if they make
a significant change it can uh change
everything but uh it hasn't been the
case at all but again every quarter I uh
launch this test for two weeks to just
make sure and uh the test was basically
running the same campaign uh everything
is the same every content is same
targeting is the same the only
difference one of them had the Audience
Network on the other had the off uh was
it was a traffic campaign content
traffic campaign in one of them uh the
CTR was around like 1% 0.9% in the other
one it was
0.03% wow uh because yeah these audience
networks people see your s but they
basically don't click because they are
not in those networks to see your it
probably they are just sking through
they are doing something else and uh it
basically doesn't bring you anything it
just makes you spend money yeah I you
know I haven't dug into it too much but
I'm curious to know if if you have seen
anything around it but how are the ads
rendered on those publisher sites like I
can't imagine that the the ads that we
designed for
LinkedIn look very good on the publisher
sites I feel like there's got to be a
really big mismatch between like the
placement and the the dimensions so
there's other problem because LinkedIn
doesn't doesn't show for example think
of Google when you go to Google you can
at least see some uh visualization only
L is a blackbox you have no idea which
websites uh have been have been your s
which uh which type of s have been being
promoted uh nothing it's a blackbox yeah
yeah 100% do not use the Audience
Network folks tip number two what's tip
number
three uh reach objective uh is the best
way to penetrate your audience so if you
want to reach a bigger audience but uh
don't want to spend that amount of money
the reach objective will give you that
uh obviously if your objective is to get
out of clicks uh it won't be the best
case if your objective is to generate a
of conversions it won't be the solution
however if you truly know your ICP If
your content really resonates with your
ICP If you reach these people then your
ICP will be clicking on your red anyway
regardless of your objective so if you
know that you can smash
uh understanding your ICP If you know
that you have a really resonating
content then actually the rich objective
will give you the similar uh numbers
with the traffic objective but you will
reach more people interesting so when
you're when you say reach more people
you mean unique impressions by by viewer
within the audience essentially and with
reach you'll get more unique impressions
versus total Impressions essentially um
because what I've what I found is like
the engagement objective can
dramatically cut your cpms and have more
direct clicks to the landing page but
what I'm not sure about is the reach
component and and how effective it is in
terms of like driving unique impressions
vers just more cheap Impressions
essentially so in terms of uh cost per
reach and cost per Impressions the reach
objective uh buy five brings the uh
lowest numbers but in terms of the click
through rate it doesn't bring you the
best numbers
uh and again if you feel like though
yours are really resonating it will work
and now I'm saying this very confidently
because I finally have this data to back
this up uh you might have you might have
seen that we have been uh publishing all
of these Labs reports about okay what is
the uh cost per Le change every year
what is the ACV change and I know that
it would be the perfect content for
marketer because those are the questions
every marketers are answer in and when I
create those reports I basically create
those reports to give an answer to
myself uh and also I know that my ICP is
myself so uh when I started running
those S uh first I Tri with traffic
objective because I always went with
traffic objective for the content as but
then I had that idea I was like okay
this is an amazing content for me I
would definitely click with uh even
though the objective wouldn't uh be
terriffic and I I change it to reach
objective and nothing changed and
actually the reach objective helped me
to increase my uh reach but also I had
almost a similar CTR with traffic
objective yeah that's awesome I'm
curious when you're running these
campaigns kind of D diving into this
point a little bit further so if people
are listening this like okay I'm going
to definitely lean into reach to
penetrate my
audience are you
measuring penetration by audience or
anything around that what does that look
like yeah I do it every month and at the
end of every quarter and if you speak
with your LinkedIn rep they can send you
that report so at the end of uh the
month and at the end of the quarter my
LinkedIn reps always send me two data
uh maybe more than two data uh all of my
campaigns how many people I have been
targeting in this campaigns what is my
unique reach and what percentage of
these audience I have reached this month
and I have reached this quarter so far
so I can see that uh how many audience
do I need to reach more uh for example
again if I I know that if I reach only
20% of that audience I won't need to
change the S uh anytime soon I won't
need to get any creatives anytime soon
uh but also it gives you a little uh
warning if there's a problem uh for
example imagine uh in January you might
have seen that your audience pention was
25% and in February if you are seeing
that it only increased
30% uh even though you spent same money
it means okay your frequency went up and
something was happening and now you
cannot reach your audience uh I do it
both on the uh audience level but also
on the company level uh and again if you
speak with your uh LinkedIn rep they
give you this data the total uh amount
of companies that you might be reaching
in that campaign with your targeting and
uh let's say if there was like 5,000
companies how many of these companies
you actually end up reaching and what
amount of money uh you spent for each
company that's another big black box we
can jump
into if we can go down the rabbit hole
there around like amm on LinkedIn and
proper Impressions by account that's a
big one for folks listening like make
sure you have enough Impressions by
account because if you have this massive
account list and you know your budget
doesn't reflect it you know I always say
ideally minimum a 100 Impressions by
account a th000 ideally um because you
need more touch points right with that
account if you're actually going
to penetrate exactly and the other thing
is the complete opposite of it you might
be penetrating an account so much uh and
at some point you need to understand
okay that account will not convert and
it happen with cognism like we spent
like 30k 35k only for Salesforce like uh
for three months we were seeing
Salesforce and it was getting like 10K
and other companies were getting like I
don't know1 dollar $200 but somehow the
algorithm was all of that budget to
Salesforce because apparently people
from Salesforce were engaging with this
but it basically made the algor go crazy
and after three months we're like okay
we spent so much money for Salesforce
they are not going to convert so we have
to exclude them from our
campaigns 100% on that you just just
putting a little bow on on tip number
three around using the reach
objective you mentioned LinkedIn reps
can help you with getting that auto atin
penetration report on a monthly
quarterly basis basically whenever you
ask support which is amazing that's a
great tip for everyone listening but for
those that don't have LinkedIn reps
could they do the formula themselves to
understand the audience
penetration
technically they can on the audience
level but not on the company level uh
because LinkedIn yeah LinkedIn won't
show the unique number of companies that
the audience reached and the unique
number of companies that the campaign
had but if they want to do it on the
audience level they can simply it would
be a bit manual work but but it is
duable like you just need to export your
campaigns uh unfortunately when you
export your campaigns you cannot export
the number of audience to the Exel file
so you need to uh look at your LinkedIn
campaigns and put those numbers the
audience numbers manually to the CSV
file then at the end of the month you
basically need to add the total number
of reach uh from each campaign there
however uh it is not 100% accurate
because uh this thing actually ignores
the fact that people change their jobs
uh people move like your target your
target audience could still be 100K uh
for three months but it doesn't mean
that every person in that 100K is the
same person and uh like that would be
10K people new who recently promoted or
that would be like 10K people less like
it changes because people that's a great
Point that's a great Point yeah cuz I
was initially thinking you can do just
reach divided by your audience size and
then now you understand your exposure
but it's not NE necessarily the same
people because they're coming in and out
of that that cohort yeah that's a great
point so LinkedIn is able to understand
it's the unique members yep got it
that's a great tip tip number
four uh exclusions exclusions give you
focus uh by syia Perez
and I I think uh people are
underestimating the power of exclusions
and and obviously everyone knows okay
you need to exclude your competitors you
need to exclude your customers okay uh
you need to exclude the students I don't
know uh who are not in your ICP okay but
also you need to
exclude really heavily like when you
think of it when you think about that uh
LinkedIn demographics report gives you
amazing uh data you can see which job
titles you are uh targeting you can see
which Industries you are targeting and
if you are see and I recommend looking
at demographics report at this once a
week and as soon as you see different
job titles just cut them off go back to
campaign and exclude them uh for example
in our case we talk like okay we are tar
marketers but if you just go with
marketers even though you go with job
title I always see a social media
manager even if I only use I don't know
demand generation people or only use
digital Market managers there's always a
social media manager there's always a
brand manager no matter what I do so
uh LinkedIn will always Target different
people that you want to Target and you
need to see uh who you are targeting and
you need to exclude them however this
doesn't also mean that you need to
exclude heavily uh what I mean by that
for example uh some of the companies uh
they say Okay I want to reach uh company
sizes that had that have at least 500
employees uh and like up to 10,000
employees and they're like okay let's
exclude every company that is lower than
500 employees I think that's a huge
mistake because there's a lot of people
who have multiple jobs they there's a
lot of people who just uh have a charity
on their profile they're okay working in
IBM uh but probably they're a member of
Charity they're member of some
organization which have like 10 people
so if you exclude uh by company size you
are going to miss out all of those
people and also uh it also applies in
Industry like if you exclude Industries
like I don't know profit or uh like
media organizations uh you might be
excluding all of those people with
multiple job titles uh again if you go
on my profile I'm a member of Charity
and if you uh exclude nonprofit
organizations okay you are going to
exclude me as well I see I see and just
to unpack that a little bit for everyone
it's because LinkedIn will serve ads to
People based on open roll positions and
they can mix and match so if you have
two open roles one is you're a a member
of a charity right so in this case you
you have title of member you now belong
of Industry charity or nonprofit and
then on the other side you are the uh
head of growth and you work at a tech
company so LinkedIn essentially will mix
and match so they'll say okay you are in
nonprofit and Tech and your head of
growth and your a member so basically
these four attributes you now become
possible to show up for in terms of a
targeting perspective so you have to be
careful where you're saying if you
exclude too broadly you're going to
really uh create in Google ads terms a
key a negative keyword conflict so in
this case like a an audience conflict
where now you're blocking things that
you actually want to show for yeah and
uh in terms of exclusions LinkedIn
always prioritizes negative uh exclus
exclusions over inclusions so if you
exclude something it will always have a
more priority than inclusions so you
cannot be like okay I want to exclude
all of the nonprofit ones but I'm also
targeting the tech people so I will end
up reaching them no it is not the case
exclusions always uh take over
inclusions so just to close on that
you're saying focus more so on your
inclusions and then from an exclusion
perspective leverage titles because you
can be more specific so that way you can
cut precisely and not run into this
issue where uh you might be excluding
too broadly exactly awesome love it tip
number
five uh this one is a bit controversial
uh but yeah job functions give you
better visibility and better reach than
job titles no way what do you mean I'm
just
kidding and also this doesn't mean that
I always choose job functions like
currently maybe like 50% 60% of my
campaigns have job functions and the
rest have job titles so it definitely
doesn't mean that one is better than the
other but uh for some cases like if you
have content that could resonate with
more than your ICP job functions uh will
give you better results it is cheaper
and uh it gets better engagement uh for
example uh while I was at cognism on the
marketing side job functions didn't
really work that much and the job titles
and job functions
almost had the similar uh metrics but on
the sales side we were also targeting
sales uh in our ICP the job functions
had way better metrics because when I
think about all of those sales uh job
titles SDR bdr MDR I don't know AB sales
manager head like there's a lot of
different sales titles and we first
tried to go with job titles and we just
couldn't match it like uh there's a
limit on LinkedIn and we were hitting
that limit all the time and the we
always find and out uh there were
different job titles we were seeing
different job titles on our pipeline we
were seeing different job titles on
LinkedIn so we realized that okay we
cannot do that with job titles so we
started testing job functions and not
only the metrics were better uh like not
only the in platform metrics were better
but it was cheaper and we were truly
able to penetrate the market because the
audience size was also better like maybe
I don't remember the number but if we
were for example if we had like 50k in
the targeting audience of after we
change it to job function it was like
maybe 70k 75k and it truly gave us uh
the true penetration mhm yeah that's a
that's a great point I'm I'm curious
have you found any specific combinations
to work best because I I feel like
somebody's listening to this right now
and they're like I hear you but I really
want to make sure I get in front of the
right people so have you found some
different job function combinations that
work well so uh 101 is basically job
function Plus seniorities uh job
seniorities and apart from that if you
know their skill set and interest so I
don't only like I don't do and skills
and uh interest but I combine it uh and
skills or interest so one or other uh
and I try to use the basics ones like
interest okay enterprise software
Enterprise CS software I don't know
sales groups outbound uh and the good
like the important thing there is it is
okay to not have the perfect ones in
your first week in your uh second week
in your third week but you got to check
your demographic uh report all the time
uh going back to the third one maybe uh
fourth advice because that demographic
report will give you all of the
irrelevant job titles that you are
reaching and with cognism when we start
that we had no data like we had no data
about interest we had no that about
skill set and I didn't want to really uh
over Target the audience because again I
didn't know about D so we did check the
demographics report every week and it
took us like two and a half months uh
but after two and a half months we
literally didn't see any irrelevant job
title ever again uh and after that point
we didn't really optimize those
campaigns by demography report like we
were looking at demography report
anyways but that was literally nothing
after two and a half months everything
was perfect you dialed it in 100% yeah
yeah so essentially you're you're
casting that net you know in Google ads
language it's like you need to clean
your search term report in this Casa you
need to clean your demographic report
right so you're casting that net and
you're checking to see quality but the
advantage is if you can pull off the
function combination then you're going
to get lower cpms you're going to get a
a larger audience size so you're G it's
almost
like in a way it's like media Arbitrage
where you
are gaming the system because you're
getting in front of the same person
person but you're just doing it in a
different way and now you're getting
rewarded with lower costs exactly yeah
that's awesome um so just a one more tip
to add on to this tip and by the way if
you guys haven't gotten value yet I
don't know if you're listening or
not but this is this has been awesome so
on that tip for everyone's listening
they're like okay job function seniority
and then skills or interest I don't know
what skills I don't know what interest
what I recommend that you do is that you
look up some of your best fit customers
on LinkedIn and then just go through
their LinkedIn profile and see how do
they self identify like what skills do
they have on their profile right what
schools did they go to and just
basically look for patterns and see if
you can notice enough patterns so that
now you can start to create these
different cohorts of combinations to
then be able to test exactly and
actually one more thing that I should
add here uh you if you are going with
job functions I would also recommend uh
using exclusions for the job cities if
you exclude entry level and again if
you're going to Target decision makers
you can Target entry level positions and
unpaid internship all of training
positions and it will give you at least
it is going to make sure that uh you are
not reaching uh irrelevant people
because at first you might think that
okay if I'm targeting managers I
shouldn't be uh reaching irrelevant job
t i shouldn't be reaching uh low entry
positions but also there's a of people
uh who are I don't
know who who are self claimed to be CE
of a one person company but also who is
an SDR uh in a huge organization who is
a just entry level SDR so if you uh if
you use seniority level I don't know uh
manager director and uh on the sales job
function you might end up reaching an
SDR who is a CEO of a one person company
so but if you exclude uh job functions
that are like unpaid training or entry
level it will help you to uh have better
focus yeah that's a good that's a good
ad and everyone listening you
know we are in a very spoiled time you
know like targeting is never perfect but
I always try to think back to like
imagine Claude Hopkins created the
coupon him going out and like trying to
get in front of his ICP so you know
these these systems aren't perfect but
they're they're pretty damn good you
know what I mean as far as what we've
got today all right uh tip number
six uh always start with even rotation
when you launch a
campy so by even rotation you mean on
the creative settings
yeah so when you launch your ad
campaigns you have optimized for
performance and then you have optimized
evenly you're saying optimize evenly
what what's the logic behind it so
imagine you launch a campaign with five
creatives and if you if you go with
optimize uh LinkedIn might give 90% of
your budget to one Ed and if you don't
test all of your SS at the same time you
won't actually understand which Ed
perform better which at performed Works
uh so I generally go with either one
week or two weeks with even rotation
just to make sure that each at gets
enough budget and once I see that okay
each at has similar budget uh I can I I
can then compare uh the metrix otherwise
again one of your R might get like 90%
of the budget and it will basically give
you nothing and you won't be able to use
the fors so if you go with even rotation
you can understand what is working you
can understand what is not working and
you can then pause the ones that are not
working and create new ones similar to
the ones that are already working yeah I
can't stress this point enough you know
for those listening though you know what
this is where it goes back to you need
to be a good Steward of your account and
a good manager and make sure you're
giving these things time and you're
reviewing these things because if you're
not at the end of the day this is
predicated on your ability to actually
manage your account effectively meaning
half of that is just like spending time
doing these things like looking at these
things so if you're listening to this
and you're
not actually reviewing performance in
your account at least on a weekly basis
you're probably better off going with
that optimized for performance Because
by the time you go in there and check
something you know what I mean
uh it could be a deadly situation so at
the end of the day like everything we're
talking about is is ways to level you up
even more so but it is predicated on
like the consistency of actually getting
in your account and doing the
work yeah I cannot stress this enough
like you have to be in your account at
least a week you need to be auditing
your
account yeah tip
seven so uh so far I already mentioned
that a lot uh but yeah it was all Al in
my uh list of tips the demographics
report always always always check the
demographics report like uh Google
doesn't have that amount of like that
kind of report Facebook doesn't have
that kind of report uh when you think
about that you can literally see all of
the job titles uh you are tagging all of
the job functions all of the
industries uh therefore yeah I cannot
stress the importance of it enough every
at least a week go to the demographic
report and the amazing thing about it
you can do it on the eight level you can
do it on the campaign level you can do
on the campaign group level so you can
actually understand what is happening
across all of your account so you can
start with the at level and you can see
which what kind of people so you're at
then you can do it on the campaign level
and you can then it on the campaign
group level to make sure that okay not
only you are showing your to the right
people not only you are showing your
campaign to the right people but you are
showing your whole campaign groups to
the right
people yeah 100% are you are you doing
anything around demographics reporting
to the
API uh no actually no like I I sent that
data to uh
supermatrix so yeah actually I kind of
do yeah okay yeah uh I sent that to
Super Matrix so actually I don't use
LinkedIn that much uh because I don't
like the ux I sent every data to GDs so
all of my reports are on GDs and I think
filtering is better uh all of the
reports work better on GDs so I use
super metric and I don't know it is like
$30 $40 per month and it really helps uh
you out it really helps you out yeah 100
100% And and the reason why I brought
that up for everyone listening is when
you're doing demographics reporting
through Linkedin you were really
restricted in terms of the amount of
Impressions by Dimension essentially so
if you just use the API so you can use a
tool like supermetrics data Slayer I
mean there's a bajillion of them but you
can use a tool like that that can pull
the data the demographics data through
the API into any tool of your choice for
reporting you can then see the
performance by Dimension much more
granularly so instead of like dealing
with these ridiculous sample minimums in
linkedin's platform you can actually see
you know I think it's what it's as low
as like 10 Impressions by by
attribute yeah actually you are right I
wish I added that to my uh tip list
that's a great tip and yeah the good
thing about apis you can actually see
how much money you spent for each
company what is the CTR by each company
like you can actually see on the
campaign company level you can actually
see it on job title level LinkedIn shows
you uh only the total Impressions you
get from the job titles only the total
Impressions you get from the industries
but with the API you can actually see
the entire data y 100% awesome tip
number
eight so it is I'm not sure if it is a
white known thing or it is uh not a
white known thing but even though you
cannot natively Target uh by mobile app
on LinkedIn or by desktop on LinkedIn
there's a POS there's a chance that you
can do that like there's a heck there's
a trick to do that uh if you are running
a single image campaign or video
campaign if you use a mobile vertical
image and the setting like if you search
by by uh mobile vertical image LinkedIn
on Google actually there's article on
linkedin's website uh with the
dimensions so there's actually an
article at Adon conversion.com adspec
I'm but there actually
is yeah at conversion has better
articles please don't don't go LinkedIn
uh don't give them
uh but yeah there's like this mobile
vertical image size and if you use that
size uh even though you don't
necessarily Target mobile that is only
shown on mobile app so you actually
create a campaign that is mobile only
you can create a campaign that is mobile
only uh and especially when you think of
and I will come this in my next tip if
you have a interesting audience split
like if you see that most of your
audience is using mobile app uh versus
desktop or even if you don't want your
audience to convert on your website okay
for B2B Sal websites we know that your
audience won't directly come from mobile
and then they convert on your website
but I know if you want to just showcase
your product just showcase uh your case
studies or just showcase a video uh the
mobile vertical images will be a better
choice because uh once scrolling your
user will see that will engage with it
and again the good thing is that it
covers the entire screen so they cannot
miss that like they cannot miss it on
LinkedIn uh alternatively on the other
side there's also at type that you can
only target desktop which is uh the
spotlight s so if you want to Target
only your desktop audience uh you can
run a te text at or a spotlight at and
uh it will mean that you are only going
to be reaching a desktop
audience how do you how do you judge
those Spotlight ads I personally haven't
done a ton of Spotlight ads do you do
you just kind of see it as awareness uh
kind of how do you how do you measure
that like nobody clicks on that that's
the good thing you don't pay for that uh
like I always use the traffic objective
and I do manual
bidding and I know that nobody will be
clicking on that so since nobody clicks
on it it is basically so cheap to run uh
and if someone clicks on it it will be
really best so please if you are
listening to me and if you see my yet
don't click on that uh what is the
what's like the average cost per click
on the spotlight ads on like that you
seen 45 45 oh but nobody nobody no like
current I'm going to give the exact data
like current it is 45 to me and I just
checked today like this week two people
clicked on that I was like who the hell
it like
exclude but then you actually look at
the total spent and total Impressions
and reach you get it justifies the price
but if more people clicks on that every
day it definitely a nogo that's a great
tip for everyone listening if you want
to go desktop only run Spotlight ads
with the traffic objective so now you're
get you're bidding on a per click basis
and then if you want to Target mobile
only then leverage that that vertical
image
size all right we are on tip number nine
yeah actually I wish I set the E for the
ninth and nth for the E uh the ninth is
always look at the device breakdown uh
when you look at your campaign metrics
uh because like unfortunately the the ux
of LinkedIn is not the best ux and you
don't actually see a lot of features
unless someone tells you and also your
account reps most of the time don't tell
anything about that uh and when you
think of the ux of LinkedIn okay there's
a huge button for demographics yes but
uh the device impression or breakdowns
are equally important as demographics
but the you is awful that you don't
actually see those uh
buttons and if you go yeah like if you
go on LinkedIn and it is literally next
to the time uh range uh and yeah it is
on the left on the time range and if you
click on that breakdown you can actually
see the breakdown of your campaigns by
conversions like if you use different
type of conversions you can see
different type of conversions uh you can
see the placement and um device
breakdown and I think device breakdown
is one of the most important things
because it shows you what percentage of
your audience uh sees your ad from the
mobile app from the mobile web and from
desktop and there's still some people
who use mobile web unfortunately I don't
know why uh it's it's significant yeah
100% and the good thing is is if you see
what your audience uses on device T then
you can optimize your campaigns
accordingly for example if you are
seeing that let's assume that you have
four different campaigns one of them is
your product campaign the other is proof
the other is content and the other is
retargeting and if you are seeing that
for the product campaign somehow you are
getting more Impressions from desktop
the mobile app you can uh moving forward
you can create your s uh in a rectangle
shape because uh rectangular dimensions
are more suitable for desktop and since
most of your audience is on desktop than
having a rectangular uh at image
probably will give you better engagement
but if you are seeing more more mobile
people uh that then you can either try
the square image which is optimized for
both mobile and desktop or if you are
seeing like I don't know 90% of your
audience from mobile then you can simply
go with mobile vertical uh but I think
it is important to optimize the creates
by uh the device that your audience is
using like if all of your audience is
using desktop then it doesn't make any
sense that you are running a square
image yeah this is the this is the goal
within running LinkedIn ads you know
it's like you see that single image ad
objective and you're like okay it's one
objective but in a way when you think
about the the breakout of
Dimensions it's like four five you know
what I mean um however much it takes out
to be there's a dedicated episode about
this in our LinkedIn course 101 yes yes
there is yeah you get that definitely a
plug
opportunity yeah we uh we've got
we've got three courses on the way this
year LinkedIn ads 101 102 103 so
beginner intermediate Advanced and and
we get way Yan brick breaks it down way
into the Weeds on on this so review your
device breakdown and on adding on to
this point we actually we analyzed over
10 million impressions of our internal
data uh with clients and we found on
average about 72 to 93% of Impressions
were served on mobile devices so that's
mobile web and and app um which is
insane I think I had only one client
where I Sol more desktop and they were
selling to senior accountants in the US
who were working in Enterprise companies
with more than 5,000 employees and when
I think about it okay it makes sense
those people are boomers probably
they're like over 50 years old 60 years
old and they're accountants so it was
literally only the account where I saw
desktop had better uh impression than
mobile apart from that I have never seen
desktop prevailed yeah yeah it's it's
just a great reminder of like you you
need to check your bias and and and look
at the data because me personally I'm
always on LinkedIn on my computer not on
my I mean on the app on the go but I
most of the time I'm at my desk and
that's when I'm on LinkedIn so me in my
bias I'm like oh well everyone's going
to see my ad as it's written in desktop
which is actually another good nugget
here for everyone when you're writing
your ads for LinkedIn you should always
write them with mobile first in mind not
desktop so when you're previewing the ad
feed and the ad image you should really
stress how it renders on mobile more so
than the desktop
view yeah that's such an amazing tip and
again the good thing on LinkedIn that
you can prev preview by both mobile and
desktop and whenever you launch your s
you need to do both yeah all right drum
roll the 10th and final tip yeah
actually I want to add this to the 10th
for a reason because I think even though
all of them were equally important to me
I think this is a Hidden Gem and I
cannot stress this enough how many
people don't know how to use it how many
people actually are not even aware of
this exist and like I keep talking with
uh customers that and I keep talking
with my own uh friends other marketers
and when I talk about this they are so
surprised and they have never heard of
this feature like in light 9% chance and
that's feature is basically one of the
most simple features that LinkedIn has
Import and Export feature you don't need
to create campaigns on LinkedIn you
don't need to edit your campaigns on
LinkedIn you don't need to change your
bidding you don't need to optimize your
campaigns on on Ling LinkedIn you can
simply export your campaigns you can
simply export your s your campaign
groups to CSU file you can make your mes
changes mes updates on the CSU file and
then you can simply import that file and
instead of for example think of uh you
are updating all of the UTM if you are
on LinkedIn you need to click right and
open like I don't know 100 campaigns and
you need to do it all together or you
can just export it to CSV do it on 10
seconds in CSV and Export it and it will
take two
minutes you know I I am on the camp of
not using that feature enough and that's
definitely an opportunity for me to get
better um it's a gem like I can't tell
enough it's such a Hidden Gem yeah I I'm
just like thinking the other day when
when LinkedIn changed to the dynamic
campaign
parameters um I went in and I started
manually updating each campaign to add
the dynamic parameters at the campaign
level instead of the the ad level and
yeah I should have used the import
export so it's a great reminder for sure
all right so we've got 10 tips just to
quickly recap uh tip number one was to
start off with auto bidding first seven
days get your average CPC then from
there switch to manual about 20 25%
lower and keep going until you find the
point of diminishing returns between
cost and scale tip numbers two was to
never turn on the Audience Network for
many reasons primarily being uh
distribution issues right it's a it's a
black box you don't know where your ads
are going to be seen and then ultimately
it's going to negatively impact your
clickthrough rate which is a huge
component of your quality score tip
number three is to Leverage The Reach
objective if you really want to
penetrate your audience and you had a
great little nugget there around using
your LinkedIn ads of rep to send you
that audience penetration report either
on a monthly or quarterly basis
depending on your needs tip number four
was to leverage exclusions because they
give you focus and uh leveraging the
demographics report checking it at least
once per week and being careful about
the inclusion criteria around targeting
on LinkedIn so you don't block people
that actually should see your stuff so
be more precise in terms of the
exclusions that you Leverage tip number
five you talked about leveraging job
functions over title because it's going
to allow you to have better economics in
terms of cost and you just got to spend
some time getting the quality to be on
point and then tip number six was all
around leveraging even rotation versus
optimize for performance for your ads
tip number seven going back to the
demographic support make sure you are
checking it uh leveraging the API so you
can get more insights tip number eight
is if you want to optimize for the the
device type leverage the mo mobile
vertical image size for mobile and then
you can try those Spotlight ads for
desktop do not click on the ads tip
number nine was to review the device
breakdown so you can see what that looks
like for you and then finally tip number
10 was to Import and Export your
campaign changes yonberg thank you so
much if people want to connect with you
where can they find you uh LinkedIn
please all right we'll definitely not
Twitter definitely not Twitter we will
definitely add uh yber socials and
everything down below and of course if
you guys aren't already an AC conversion
student definitely sign up so you can
check out his course when it launches
later this year yonberg thank you so
much for being here s thank you so much
for having me